Add pihole (#82)
truecharts/apps: charts/pihole/0.0.1/app-readme.md

> # Jackett

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pi-hole
```

> Jackett chart is a chart designed to deploy Jackett in a TrueNAS SCALE kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pi-hole chart is a chart designed to deploy Pi-hole in a TrueNAS SCALE kubernetes cluster.
```
